 Name: D.L WRIGHT POS

Mobile App in react native expo.


- First thing you log into is the POS
- Make a login with varied passwords logins for Cashier, Manager, etc.
- Make It shift based - You cant navigate the POS if you dont "clock in".
  Wont allow you to sign out unless you clock out.
- Ability to add cash to the regsiter
- clicking close shift pops up a modal showing expected cash amount and actual cash amount and the difference. 
- In the pos, add functionally to type the quantity and increment
- Low stock notification.
- Discounts and Refund feature.

Back office:
- Each item has a custom category (categories can be created and deleted)
- Low stock notification.
- Employee salary
- back office with analytics dashboard. down to the years quarters and years (Net sales gross profit, etc) not too much info, keep neat. must have:

Sales summary
Sales by item
Top selling product
Sales by category
Sales by employee
Sales by payment type
Receipts
Sales by modifier
Discounts
Taxes
Shifts
bar, pie chart etc.

- Item list (tells the markup for each item)
- In the items list each item should have an item photo with an indicator icon showing the amount in stock.
- employee list
- access rights (Pos and back office). There are sub rights in pos:

Accept payments
Apply discounts with restricted access
Change taxes in a sale (make a specific item have a specific tax, GCT etc)
Manage all open tickets
Void saved items in open tickets
can Open cash drawer without making a sale to add money
can apply items costs and the markup.
View all receipts
Perform refunds
etc

IMPORTANT: Certain people cannot access back office.
time cards and total hours worked.

Additional Features: 
Theme customizability discord style UI.
In settings: Time Clock (Tracks cash that goes in and out of a drawer)
             Shifts (Tracks cash that goes in and out of drawer)
             Customer Displays (Display order information at time of purchase, toggleable)
Taxes: add taxes to certain items
Stores (Add store and number of stores)

Functionality:
Offline and online app (Can work without wifi, find some means to backup and store data in cloud when needed)



minor details:
every numerical value the represents money must have a dollar/yen/pound sign.
good search bar. 

Ensure that each button works. Every button MUST serve a purpose. No ambiguous labels.
